add draft announcement for Slack (#767)
writethedocs/www: slack_announce.txt

Welcome to the Write the Docs Slack! We're glad you're here, and we look forward to your contributions to our community.

> We've written some guidelines to help you get the most out of this Slack. Please take a few minutes to learn about some of our basic channels, and ponder our social rules. We are grounded in the principles of open source, and we pride ourselves on being one of the most welcoming communities in tech. Our social rules are an important tool to further this goal!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've written some guidelines to help you get the most out of this Slack. Please take a few minutes to learn about some of our channels, and familiarize yourself with our social rules. We are grounded in the principles of open source, and we pride ourselves on being one of the most welcoming communities in tech. Our social rules are an important tool to further this goal!
```
